Intro-Project Revamp (#2)
Autonomous-Motorsports-Purdue/ROS-Intro-Project: README.md

This project was inspired by the [intro tf tutorials](http://wiki.ros.org/tf/Tutorials). Although optional, I would recommend going through these tutorials to gain an understanding of how to solve this problem using tf's. And if you are interested, I would also recommend checking out the other [ROS Navigation tutorials](http://wiki.ros.org/navigation/Tutorials) as they may also contain some helpful information for this challenge.

The challenge of this project is to replicate the `turtle_tf_demo.launch` in the [intro tf tutorials](http://wiki.ros.org/tf/Tutorials) without using tf! Doing this will allow you to gain a solid understanding of the core concepts of ROS as well as appreciate the role and power of the tf package.

Finally, this project will get you familiar with Git/GitHub, and our code review workflow (PRs). Please consult [our GitHub guide](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lt0BorKFiq0WkigpkvPjANQa4m6CsIo9VEz6uAMz1ZQ/edit?usp=sharing) and feel free to ask the software leads any questions if you get stuck.

## Goal of the Project

> A demonstration of what is expected should have taken place in the first software meeting you attend. If you joined after the first software meeting, approach a software lead so they could show you what we expect from you. This project will not only help you understand how to work with ROS, but also how to navigate the ROS wiki and finding resources to help you in a project. "Googling" things is probably one of the most fundamental skills of a developer!

Reviewer: This was a great paragraph!!!

```bash
git checkout -b solution-dev
``` 
5. Add and commit your initial workspace to this branch, you can name this commit `initial commit`.
```bash
git add . && git commit -m "initial commit"
```

### Linking your Project to a Remote Repository
1. [Fork](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo) this repository to your GitHub account, make sure the fork is public for code review.
2. In your project, configure the remote repository by running the command:
```bash
git remote add origin <link-to-your-fork>
```
3. Setup an upstream link and push the commit with the command:
```bash
git push --set-upstream origin solution-dev
```
4. You can now work on the project and have it saved in a remote repository. This allows you to work on the project in multiple devices easily and protects your project from accidents!

### Submitting your Project via a Pull Request
1. Make sure the branch `solution-dev` in your fork of this repository has your project. Make sure all files are in the branch by running `git status`, it will tell you if there are any inconsistencies between your local project and the remote repository.

> 2. In this Repository's website (on github.com), create a [pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-pull-requests) to merge your development branch into this repo's master brach. Add the software leads (GitHub users @zghera, @gfaout, and @ihagedo) as reviewers for your PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In this Repository's website (on github.com), create a [pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-pull-requests) to merge your development branch into this repo's master branch. Add the GitHub users @zghera, @alanssitis, and @Reschivon as reviewers for your PR.
```
I think that since you and @Reschivon have the most recent hand's on exposure with this, you guys could help me out with onboarding new members rather than Gautam and Isaac for this round of newcomers. Does that sound alright to you guys?

Reviewer 2: Sounds good to me. I have some experience on boarding new members from my old team.

Author: That makes sense to me!
